David it's half time in the tire and we
are slightly behind up after today's
defeat what did you make it again but if
you asking me just watching us a
performance with decent I thought we
were the stronger side is so much
thought we made better chances we're
disappointed with certain elements of
again we can work on an autopsy that
cutting edge short names in the final
third I'm coming on that set plays I've
side the box from there on I corner so
that that's all the kind of things we
keep working on and we'll something keep
working on this week ready for something
frustration that we didn't make the man
advantage account yeah I put as I said
it's always difficult as we well know
we've done it many times you know you
set your father for one up and it's a
straight and they make things hard for
teams but to be careful didn't get
caught on the break and get Don to lil
which we've been very well don't think
that the real chances in the second half
so yeah I cuz a relatively perform where
Susan is that final cutting edge and
would have got something up together up
until the sending off both sides were
going for in it and it was a real
spectacle wasn't it sometimes in these
games both sorting you know they don't
want to concede that goal but both sides
went for it yeah thik first 20 minutes
were probably sound in each other out
and
and so I felt if you didn't wanna watch
a movie again i think we probably the
better chances in the game and more
possession show sake and a more attempts
at goal i would like to think so yeah
like so in reality please we promised
obviously not Michael what's the feeling
in the camp after a one nudity but it's
only effectively halftime they obviously
we're disappointed to lose the game
today and as we always want to make sure
in performance and get a result of we
always feel good especially different
the matter fans that we bought today we
disappoint that we need a result that
they would have been happy with but
slight you said this is technically only
halftime I know it's an old cliche and
stuff but it is even if we draw the game
or won the game today we'd still have to
be looking at and that's line that mind
frame and there's still a lot to play
for I'd rather be going back to roots
Hall having to pay for something then
come
he come to pay for it and that's the
situation so obviously if the take
positives out of it is a bit of a bit of
a hard game because winning the first
office were playing their favor and
we're probably getting tested keeper at
times when you should have done
especially with corners and free-kicks
but you can see the commitment from the
voice we would try not honest and
obviously we're just trying a few things
in it I'm not attempting but I said it's
also pay for with full of confidence now
going into this game on Saturday and
love to set out I'd rather be in this
situation and then losing a lot more
goals